docs: migration page (#8739)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/05-misc/04-v4-migration-guide.md

## Transitions are local by default

Transitions are now local by default to prevent confusion around page navigations. To make them global, add the `|global` modifier. The migration script will do this automatically for you. ([#6686](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/6686))

## Default slot bindings

Default slot bindings are no longer exposed to named slots and vice versa. ([#6049](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/6049))

## Preprocessors

The order in which preprocessors are applied has changed. Now, preprocessors are executed in order, and within one group, the order is markup, script, style. Each preprocessor must also have a name. ([#8618](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/8618))

## Other breaking changes

> - the `inert` attribute is now applied to outroing elements to make them invisible to assistive technology and prevent interaction. ([#8627](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/8627))

Reviewer: looks to me like the incorrect issue is linked here

Author: ```suggestion
- the `inert` attribute is now applied to outroing elements to make them invisible to assistive technology and prevent interaction. ([#8628](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/pull/8628))
```
indeed - thanks!
